# Bot Project
The launcher project for the bot written in OBI format

# Sample Files
The only thing you need to config is appsetting.json, which have a bot setting to launch the bot
```
    appsettings.json：
    "bot": {
      "provider": "localDisk",
      "path": "../../Bots/SampleBot3/bot3.bot"
    }
```
```
    bot3.bot, bot launcher got the rootDialog from "entry"
    {
        "services": [],
        "files": [
		    "main.dialog"
        ],
        "entry": "main.dialog"
    }
```
# functionalities
1.  Build & run bot

   -dotnet build

   -dotnet run

   It will start a web server and listening at http://localhost:3979.
   
2. Test bot

    You can set you emulator to connect to http://localhost:3979/api/messages.

3. Deployment

    You can deploy this soluction + Bot folders to azure directly.

    or DeploymentScripts needed to be generated by Composer to support the msbot deployment.

4. Debuggability

    We should support user to debug through composer testing like break points, step into, step over, memory inspector…

5. Support multiple storage providers

    As shown in the example, Bot launcher can load the bot from multiple storage providers, we only support local disk on the initial phrase.

6. Extensibility

    It should support load other bot run time. For Type Loader itself, Different Loader should refer to different packages. This part is not so clear yet? Do we support dialogs other than OBI format?

7. Versioning

    We should be careful about the OBI schema updates, composer and bot launcher's supported OBI schema should be the same version or compatible versions. otherwise this will break.

8. Telemetry

    Need to figure out what we want to log.
    


   